# ProjectAMMA

Appointment Management Mobile Application (AMMA)

## Description
The Appointment Management Mobile Application (AMMA) is used to manage appointsments, clients, and generate reports. 
Features: 
- Appointment Sharing 
- Appointment Notification
- Reports generated by appointment month 
- Search by appointment type 
- User accounts for security of the application 
- The ability to assign clients to a specific appointment(s)
- Functional and dynamic GUI interface 


## Installation

o	Step 1 – Download Android Studio. This will allow you to run the emulator to launch the application. 

o	Step 2 – Download the project from the repository link as a .zip file and open the .zip file to download the project files.  

o	Step 3 – In Android Studio, choose “File” from the menu option and selected “Open”. Select the project folder, which should be titled  “d424-software-engineering-capstone-working_branch”. You should see the project load into Android Studio, it may take a moment for the files to be indexed.  

o	Step 4 – Open the device manager and create an instance of a Pixel 6 running on API 32.   

o	Step 5 – Select the “app” configuration and then choose run from the top menu or choose the play button in Android Studio.  

o	Step 6 – The Pixel 6 device will then launch in the emulator and load the app automatically, if you do not see the app use the navigation buttons within the emulator to navigate to the application, which will be in recents. 

## Usage
For a full user guide please email sageellefson29@gmail.com.

## Support
Sage Ellefson - sageellefson29@gmail.com

## Future implementations
 - Additional notification functionality 
 - Reports generated for clients
 - Updates to some GUI elements
 - Adjust spinner dropdown length to be a fixed height
 - Set recycler view to specify no data type rather than display empty

## Authors and acknowledgment
Author: Sage Ellefson 

